---
published: true
title: Joseph Altuzarra young is the capital
layout: post
---
As New York\'s fashion stars, Joseph Altuzarra like Alexander Wang, a debut was a major concern. \"Smart\" is like a family, as he and his cousin are feathered models Lily Kwong shares.\"I like the people who open their hearts to you\"Look at the 22-year old Chinese girl Lily Kwong, you can feel the power of the young. The United States version of the selected as 2011 models new faces of Vogue girl is now Colombia college student, worked in the Office of the GQ. Recently, she took a group of the New York Times Style fashion pieces of the old baroque, by Elle Muliarchyk served as photographer, its unique face and styling was unforgettable. Young Lily is not alone in the fight in New York – the present one of the hottest selling New York designer Joseph Altuzarra is Lily\'s cousin – as if they were born to shed the blood of fashion.An exclusive interview with the acceptance of the Bund, the cousins with mirrors. During the filming of the scene, Lily and Joseph like a best friend. In Joseph Altuzarra 2012 spring/summer dress, Lily adept hand at cousin\'s shoulder, two people from time to whisper a few words and a tacit understanding in front of the camera.As was brought up in Paris, in Joseph\'s start at the beginning, Lily Kwong for his design test equipment, and gives sound advice. Joseph said, \"we were really close, came to New York, we have maintained difficult to let go of an intimate relationship. \"Just like any family, be it life or career, they will support each other. Although are beginning to find success in their field, usually not busy, but their leisure time, they were often sitting on a sofa watching TV together. \"We will watch TV, drink coffee and gossip. \"Joseph said.This does not mean that they don\'t get out much. Joseph but I tend to avoid, such as red-carpet fashion event. He is not a recluse, as a designer, he more than anyone understand that fashion like a social circle, his images reflect the brand image. But for him, the sociable and overexposure there are fundamental differences. He likes to talk about personal character will be attributed in France to accept education. When off duty, he will no longer be considered work-related things. Even hanging out with fellow Alexander Wang, they rarely talk about work. Both age and is known for his speed, Alexander and Joseph are often mentioned in the same breath. This genius friend, Joseph very highly, but, in his view, their friendship was not based on fashion related things. Because of this, you rarely heard Joseph Alex fashion. \"We don\'t talk about work,\" he said, \"though we may occasionally ask each other on some major issues, but all in all, our friendship is based on mutual respect, rather than on a competitive basis. \"Joseph felt very comfortable, he repeatedly stressed his value this like-minded friends of the same age. \"I like people who open their hearts to you, is not worried about saying the wrong thing the person who hurt you. I appreciate their honesty and integrity. \"He said.Team mates Joseph is an important part of life. He recalled his Givenchy as a design assistant during that time. Although the time is not long, but he has not forgotten the wonderful time spent with the team. Eve of every show, they work very hard, but the Studio is always laughing, until the press conference before the start of the last minute, they are still fooling around until the publication start stop himself. Sometimes, the previous model are gone, they are still for the next model stitched clothes, but few people feel anxious, because everyone is having fun while working. Joseph admits, on its launch today not so much of \"last minute\" emergency, but a team of laughter in his usual magic.Get 2011 CFDA Awards, design\'s award-winning, has a huge star group Joseph--29 years old without pride. Lift the winning ways, he said: \"I think you need to give yourself plenty of time! In business, I have decided to work for someone else for a while. In that time, you have to learn to learn, learn from PR and production to sales and other aspects of knowledge. You also won colleagues \' respect and trust, because in the beginning, you do not have the means to pay salaries, and their trust in you is what you need. ”\"Cool, cool again\"Fashion design than friends Alexander,Joseph way more twists and turns. He grew up in Paris, his father was French and his mother is Chinese-American. Growing up, Joseph parents, Voss, visiting the Pennsylvania College (Swarthmore College) to study art history. There is no doubt that the relationship between art and fashion are inseparable, but as a student of art history, Joseph started without designers idea. Until near the end, he realized more and more like fashion design.Recalled the scene at that time, he said with a smile when his fashion was still a child. Clothing can let an unknown person into focus--the ball for such a magical effect, Joseph was incredible. \"I always wanted to look cool, cool again,\" he said with a laugh, \"Although the results may not be really cool. ”Dreams of change quickly, but Joseph the first step people envy: internship under Marc Jacobs. This experience changed his life, let him have the opportunity to become Assistant to the freelance designers Proenza Schouler, working with designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez. Subsequently, he was Riccardo Tisci phase, joined Givenchy as Design Assistant. Soon after, he boasted, in this competitive fashion, everyone will see his accomplishments. Because career so coveted, it inevitably attracted outside comment. Fortunately, he did not break his word, when ambition has been achieved.From Marc Jacobs and Proenza Schouler men learn to design and way of doing business, and profited greatly from his Joseph, but he says Riccardo\'s instructions to his design career has played a key role. \"The experience was incredible. When I first entered the Givenchy is young, but has a wealth of experience. Riccardo gave me the opportunity to help and test me like a mentor. \"Joseph Givenchy learn to cut and fold, design skills, until now, those skills in the design of his still plays a big role. In New York, Joseph\'s work resembles the French way, only that people believe that he will do well in the future.\"Break the shackles of all\"Success came so suddenly. When working at Givenchy, he had met and Carine Roitfeld. As the first person who encouraged him to develop his career, in his own new series, shortly after a show at New York fashion week, Carine wears his designs at fashion week in Paris. This living ad Joseph overnight, became a fashion star.In today\'s fashion industry, only Carine Roitfeld has a magic man. She saw Joseph excels in design, risked promoting a nobody, from now on, the industry found the young man and the world. Carine, and you really can see Altuzarra wants to express some kind of spiritual connotation: sexy, strength, intransigence and fear. [Come from designers insist on counting his own](http://www.faybag.com/2015/11/27/come-from-designers-insist-on-counting-his-own-image/) [Come from designers insist on counting his own](http://www.faybag.com/2015/11/27/come-from-designers-insist-on-counting-his-own-image/)Joseph young, but his costume design objects is not limited to peers or a certain type of woman. Will Vanessa Traina as source of inspiration with her, he has to become more creative. His positive evaluation of Vanessa character, do not refuse to show their sexy side. \"Women like Carine, who wear sexy clothes, it will break the shackles of all time and age. \"He designed for women of all ages bloom sexy beauty, if you can see Joseph designed, you would believe that this is not boasting.Birth of a series often led to another series of conceptions, so Joseph\'s always thinking about the next series, looking for the next inspiration, his mind is like a database, filled with a rich variety of images and concepts. For Joseph to the initial stages of design is not difficult, there all night long. Although starting time is not much, but the whole process is very long lasting. Probably started in the 17th century art, is to present 1960 Sweden Home Designer style, because he is always trying to find ways to ensure all elements of interest.Joseph said that, to date, fall/winter 2011 collection has very special meaning to him, but that doesn\'t mean his other works were very mediocre. He said: \"this series expresses a desire for a better, more shows I want people to see it Altuzarra brand qualities, and it is customers like to see. In this series, the design is very successful in many clothing, parkas is one of them. Whether in costume or other aspects, we have tried to do a lot of changes. \"You can understand why he was so loving this series, because he derives pleasure not only in the creation, those looking clothes from the runway was shipped to retail customers is equally ecstatic.1/4 Chinese rookieAs a company, Altuzarra\'s successful development is inseparable from the network\'s influence, although Joseph do not understand most of the social media and platforms, he deeply felt like Twitter, Facebook, and blogs and other social networks to help, he tries to use these platforms from time to time to express their views. Joseph said, \"if I show an empty seat, which must be selected in the magazine editors and fashion bloggers, I would choose the latter. \"This is not a bias against the printing industry, but as blog exposure is more assured, more rapidly.\"I admire the fashion bloggers, because they often have a lot of interesting and inspiring ideas, just as Tommy Ton, I admire him. \"He said.Joseph value blog provides the platform for designers, through this platform, promotion of his product. But he gradually felt than interesting and attractive, the network gave him more is fear. Joseph wanted to make their products available to customers, but too many don\'t want to disclose their private lives.Of course, he is also willing to share details of their life, such as work methods to pass the time (most recently, is a luxury for him to break things). Joseph cherish days living in New York, even if it\'s just window shopping, going to art galleries or to meet friends, he felt was very enjoyable. Going out with friends was Joseph\'s biggest hobby. \"This is different from pottery and learning Tae kwon do. \"He said.He also likes to go to a new restaurant to try new dishes, recently, he frequented a restaurant called Red Farm. He said: \"in New York\'s Tribeca (Tribeca), Italy restaurant Dell\'Anima and Japan restaurant Takahashi the food is awesome. But do you know what I like best? Small restaurant! Who does not like to have 15 pages of menu? \"He expressed admiration for the small roadside restaurant look like authentic New Yorkers.From New York to China, Joseph grew up fast, it was surprised by his own. New York is the birthplace of Altuzarra, but China is the place where Joseph really shows his personality. His Chinese descent with 1/4, so hoping to learn more about China. \"In China, particularly Shanghai changes impact on global fashion and I are very large, can get involved is my pleasure. \"He said. Although he hasn\'t been to China so far, his design was recently in independent fashion houses THE VILLA debut in Shanghai and went on sale in China for the first time. There is no doubt that his trip to China recently have also been included in the itinerary.Joseph altuzarra Lily fashion New York designers design series