---
published: true
title: Good basic fashion week enraptured set out 2 minutes commuting use don\'t have to get up early
layout: post
---
Early difficulties, and clothes to choose difficult sister, best part of Joker\'s basic wardrobe choices can not only solve the needs of fast out, and upper and lower body combination can be very good, ride commute take you a week of fashion beauty. See below ↓ [Karena Lam is referred to as little three men](http://katespade2.bravesites.com/entries/general/karena-lam-is-referred-to-as-little-three-men-love-literary-fan-milf)Look1: white t-shirt + wide-leg pants + shoesWhite t-shirt as the classic single, Vogue\'s sister on a few, it and any items not only can smart Joker, easier to wear clean temperament in the summer. Matching blue wide leg trousers, not only fresh and full gas field. Matching high heel is a must for your second variable-length legs star who turned into a glamour Queen in the work place.Recommended mixSTEPHAN SCHNEIDER white t-shirt 855CNYEMILIO PUCCI wide leg trousers 3005CNYJIMMY CHOO Sandals 2575CNYDior Silver sunglasses 3630CNYLook2:Polo open fork pencil skirt + shirt + shoesPatents don\'t think Polo shirts boys, girls dressed in even more of the casual elegance of the French, using it to paired with formal dress more unexpected chic effect. Grey Polo shirt with black slit pencil skirt, both daily sense of formal workplace without rigid, more stylish Chic flavor, and slit skirts legs effect class, even if wearing flat shoes, can make your legs look thin and beautiful!Recommended mixRalph Lauren women Polo Shirt 795 CNYIsabel Marant occur when the wrap dress 4,005 CNYJIMMY CHOO shoes 3956CNYYoins Color Block straw bags 155 CNYLook3: white t-shirt + pants + Plaid feet sandalsFoot trousers are you trendy OL Wardrobe Essentials not only makes you look professional competence, but also modified legs, balance the Visual difference between the hips and legs, skinny worn out easily. Feet generally black trousers of the most versatile, but wants to increase the sense of chic, modern Plaid trousers for small feet look more modern. In order to avoid the body looks too cluttered, with a white t-shirt will make you look neat and trendy, and then with a spot of a pair of sexy high heel, trendy career woman is you!Recommended mixGivenchy white t-shirt 2,940CNYYoins Check Plaid pants 155 CNYBand of Saint Laurent Sandals 5,425 CNYVICTORIA BECKHAM cat-eye sunglasses 3,010 CNYLook4: black backing shirt + jeans + nine Lok Fu shoesNine high-waist jeans and black shirts at the end of two single, simple collocation can keep your style. The trick: t at the end of the fortress in his pants, waist line up perfectly proportioned. Nine-jeans exposing bare feet in the summer wearing clean, spirit, with winds Lok Fu this year\'s most popular shoes, to look sophisticated, simply appearing in the match.Recommended mixVince. Black t-125 CNYFRAME DENI jeans 1,725 CNYGucci flat-bottom mill 3,965 CNYScenery Label hand bag 645 CNYLook5: skirt + shirt +A word pointy high heelsUniversal shirt worn is fashionable Girl, someone getting insurance. In this case you need a good texture and color fresh blue shirt and save your sense of fashion. Enjoy with neat, playful a-skirt, full of youth, but with casual, wearing pointed high heels, lengthen the leg line, long legs soon!Recommended mixRochas silk shirt 3,135 CNY [Karena Lam is referred to as little three men](http://katespade2.bravesites.com/entries/general/karena-lam-is-referred-to-as-little-three-men-love-literary-fan-milf)Dolce and Gabbana mini 3,280 CNYChristian Louboutin high heels 6,295 CNYSaint Laurent shoulder bag 13,260 CNYFashionable matching basic enraptured commuter high heels work recommended Polo