---
published: true
title: Elegant chest with a special symbol required of a gentleman
layout: post
---
Tie is the material and cultural development of society to a certain extent, is a product that influenced the development of its wearer and the observer. Marx said: \"the progress of the society is the human pursuit of beauty. \"In real life, human in order to beautify itself, make itself more perfect, more charming, produced by nature was provided or manufactured items to decorate your own desires, the origin of the tie illustrates this point. In 1668, France King Louis XIV 14 in Paris to review Croatia mercenaries, mercenary soldiers wearing the collar straps; is the earliest historical records tie. Tie history starts here; since then, the history of clothing culture is blooming one after enduring and destroy the ladies a magnificent flower.18th century all walks of tie styleFrance during the reign of Louis XIV, 14, under the influence of Roman military form, the Royal Croat coalition gradually popular lace hem dress and collar decorated with simple binding. This is the French Cravate, the word is derived from the Croat.Gradually, the original tie formed as a small high collar replaced above and with wrinkles. Stylish pop game, on the bottom of the collar long black ribbon. Later, ties began to widen, this style is popular for nearly a century in 1930, the tie is in the form of appearance of today.In 1949, according to the provisions at that time, no tie gentleman could not enter formal occasions, ties slowly become symbols of social status, and thus became popular.Or older, is more or less made a brief history of the tie, and Yoka men continue to introduce the next tie the general classification.1. the series:Set up specially for the white-collar working population, pattern, twill and Tartan by eternal. Material stress, is noted for its elegant and generous.2. night series:Fluorescent effect of the special focus on ties in the series. Deep ties on the ground, longitude and jagged lines or distributed bright spots shine like a star, the star flavor.3. series:HermèsRelaxed and casual, decorative cover the ceremonial needs of the tie. So, cartoon dolls, flowers, figures, also climbed up the tie, specifically for t-shirt, casual suits match.4. the new series:LanvinExaggerated colors, bizarre patterns, shown in the series from the road via sentenced, became members of the avant-garde to chase the pets. Is the standard color such as purple, Indigo, wahuang. Designed for midgets, wearing ornaments of men.Read the classification, Yoka men to introduce combinationShirt and tie combination is a science, if the mixtures, has the potential to undermine the overall feel, but combined with skill, you can catch everyone\'s eyes, and their ingenuity. Tie is always plays a leading role, as it is the most eye-catching part of the clothing. In General, you should first concentrate on the tie and jacket for matching up. To compare the stress point of view, the colour of the coat should be the base color of the tie.Left: DKNY 2011s right: necktie GucciWhite shirt on each man is very good, suitable for all occasions, and not out of date, so each man should be prepared at least a change of white shirt, and a variety of lively, bold colors or patterns of ties are good. Timeless fashion with a white or light blue shirt with a monochrome or bright patterned tie. This is a timeless match. [Office wear to show leadership style](http://kenzo.bravesites.com/entries/general/office-wear-to-show-leadership-style)In the way of clothing with simple forever please. If you are not so confident in their taste in ties, do not attempt to Maverick. You know, most men the feel for a pattern was not that good. Not only that, but you never know what \"different\" taste might be offensive to the people. Shirt and tie combination also reflects to some extent the sophistication that you acted.manuelritzspringEvery man should have at least one white or pale blue collar buttoning a shirt. In ties, have at least a plain dark blue or Burgundy tie for daytime use, and should also have a silk Jacquard tie or black tie for a formal dinner party instead of the Plastron.There is, don\'t ignore the tie and dress shirt, collar Oh.Apart from the color and pattern matching, and should also pay particular attention to the matching tie and shirt collar, tie a variety of commonly used cable ties, then on a daily basis, exactly what kind of good? In the previous article, had to introduce a variety of shirt collar, then today you just play different tie away.1. open (also known as: single knot or square knot)The classical form of the knot. This is the most commonly used method. Tie reconciliation knots is very easy. Most of the tie and shirt collars are perfect for just about all. Finally, in order to tie a single knot, to note: tie the knot with the shirt collar of a harmonious mix. It should not be too tight nor too loose on the shirt collar. The widest part of the ties (that is \"at its widest point\" before) should be on the belt.2. double-single class (also known as: double loop knot)Double like single single knot, the difference is that the former has two knots, twice. This knot is suitable for short men, it is suitable for Italy slightly thin ties and collars and easy to do.3. cross knotThis is for a one-color selection of elegant materials and thin tie for tie, for men who like to pop might as well add \"cross knot\".4. a Windsor knotTrend caused by the Duke of Windsor\'s Windsor knot is very United Kingdom-beautiful knot method. It is bulky and therefore on the collar of the suit Department was separated in (for example Italy collar) and thin ties. This knot is very symmetrical play to be successful. A bit complicated to operate.5. double cross knot　This tie is very easy to have an elegant and grand sense, selection activities suitable for formal occasions. The bow should be used in plain and on a silk tie, matching collar shirt is not only appropriate and a sense of honor.6. the Prince Albert　Suitable for romantic series of arrest of peaked lapel collar and shirt, with a romantic soft thin tie. Correct play is on the wide side to reserve more space, and in the second lap around as close together as possible to complete the perfect junction.7. four hand knot (single)Is the most accessible of all the bow tie, applicable to all kinds of romantic series of shirts and ties.8. romantic knots [Office wear to show leadership style](http://kenzo.bravesites.com/entries/general/office-wear-to-show-leadership-style)Romantic is a perfect junction, it is suitable for use in a variety of romantic series of collars and shirts, under the generals after the completed knot can reduce the width of side pressure with crepe the presentation type, narrow it to move around so that it can also be small number appears on the wide side tie.9. Jane-knot (horse driver junction)Applicable to materials with a thick tie, best suited to playing in standard and button collar shirt, wide-brimmed with 180 degree flip from the top down, and will fold to hide in the back, the tie length can be adjusted after the study is completed, is the most common type of knot.10. cross knot (half Windsor knot)This type is very rare and elegant, its style is also rather complex, using fine tie is easy, the most suitable with romantic tip standard series the neck collar and lining.On the match of the tie, also said a transparent, tie as a kind of symbol, showing the full, deep and social stability will be, although typically used for decoration, paired with suits for formal occasions, but can be considered a dual symbol of status and taste. High and tight collars, extremely limited neck range of motion. High status people always seem so arrogant, not just because both of them have a look poised to do?Series shirt collar neckline tie shirt tie elegant gentleman