---
published: true
title: Emporio Armani to integrate Western style of oriental inspiration
layout: post
---
Between different worlds meet and cultural fusion. Eastern quietly into Western culture, after thousands of changes, not to see any foreign or ethnic customs. This intense urban style men\'s collections, the strongest is the concept of fusion, to render a blend of oriental inspiration of the Western taste.Integration is reflected in color matching. Based on the color blue, grey, green, and plaster, and with a little blue, showing a distinctive blue/green: Myrtle green. And decorated with Brown, grey-brown and sand color, natural and subtle.Fusion in the Paisley pattern. Paisley patterns commonly used for winter clothing, the spring/summer, purely as a sign of warm weather wear. Paisley patterns presented by four different processes: digital printing process used in the shirts and blouses; pleated sweater with Jacquard technique; the Prince of Wales plaid fabric with embroidery and laser engraving technology in a coat, with a small laser pattern as whole body tattoo. [Office wear to show leadership style](http://kenzo.bravesites.com/entries/general/office-wear-to-show-leadership-style)Integration is reflected in trousers decorated with side pleats and design of legs at the ankles; jacket is adorned with a small pagoda shoulders, matching collar and appears to be drawing a slightly raised buttons; washed silk v-neck t-shirts and shirts interactions using small Chinese or suit.Integration is also reflected in the extraordinary delicate fabrics, fabric technology this quarter disappeared: wool and Cupro, washable silk apparel fabrics and cotton material, covering the seasons, meet the needs of Emporio Armani fans all over the world. Extreme light \"featherweight\" accompanied by Georgette Nappa lambskin lining brings smooth cool feel. Laser leather engraving and 3D effect are used to coat and accessories. Common shoulder bags with embroidery, to create a 3D effect. Rich shoe line include athletic shoes, clogs and sandals, reminiscent of a sandal style. Oxford shoe with an impact ahead of the new coating, heel bare design rear ankle laces ensure the shoe fit wear. [Office wear to show leadership style](http://kenzo.bravesites.com/entries/general/office-wear-to-show-leadership-style)Armaniemporio taste of the East inspired craft Paisley patterns and culture series