---
published: true
title: 1000 fortress big-name jewelry fired a total price of $ 2.99 million
layout: post
---
United States Department of Homeland Security customs and border protection (CBP Customs and Border Protection, referred to as CBP) officials said on May 31, in Indianapolis, Indiana courier firm seized more than 1900 pieces of counterfeit brand-name jewelry, involves brands including: Tiffany, and Cartier, Bulgari, Louis Vuitton, and Rolex, and Tous etc.According to the United States website WWD reports, CBP officials seized the counterfeit jewelry from China to Texas, total retail price of $ 2.99 million.In fiscal year 2015, cases of infringement of intellectual property rights the Federal Government seized rose 25%, clothes and accessories are two of the most involved category. Fiscal year 2014, CBP and immigration and customs enforcement Homeland Security Investigations Department jointly seized 23,140 cases last year, the number of cases detected rose from 28,865. According to the manufacturer\'s suggested retail price (MSRP) to sell the seized goods of a total value of $ 1.35 billion. [Harry Winston watches new 2016 table of Basel](http://walletcase.blogspot.com/2016/03/harry-winston-watches-new-2016-table-of.html) [Harry Winston watches new 2016 table of Basel](http://walletcase.blogspot.com/2016/03/harry-winston-watches-new-2016-table-of.html)Clothing and accessories, watches and jewelry are the most prone to cases of violations of the two product categories. Watches, jewellery, handbags and purses is the highest product MSRP. Last year, at the United States cross-sectoral strategy for cooperation with the national intellectual property rights coordination center, 538 persons were arrested, and 339 others indicted, 357 people were convicted.In the case of seized counterfeit and shoddy products, China is still the major source. It is estimated that Chinese counterfeit goods seized a total MSRP of $ 697 million, accounting for 52% of the total value of all seizure cases. As phishing Van Cleef Albemarle last year, as well as fake perfume dens have been destroyed in New York in May of this year.CBP said, in order to give consumers more confidence shopping, will spare no effort to prevent fake and shoddy products into the United States. Enforcement of intellectual property rights is the CBP\'s \"primary business issues\", Director Timothy Hubbard said: \"the protection of intellectual property rights is not only one of our important tasks, is to protect the United States the key to consumers \' rights and interests. Our CBP staff and importing experts for their hard work, through reasonable procedures for enforcement of intellectual property rights, to combat trade in counterfeit and pirated products to protect your business, consumers and our economy. Our commitment in the case of a template. ”United States jewelry big-name jewelry Director of Homeland Security